[Music]
that was a terrible crash
well lucky to be alive
who are you
it's so loud here we call it the noise
happened to all the men on this planet
every thought in our heads
we're on display
where are all the women
they're dead
[Music]
why is she thinking where the hell is
her noise it's strange to see everything
you're thinking it was strange for me
too not knowing what's going on in your
head
i mean i know you might not like my dog
or you want to hit me over the head with
a rock or something
i like your dog he's stronger than he
knows
you better watch your noise snake snake
those men catch it they'll kill you
if you want to protect the girl you have
to leave now
keep you safe safe with her power
there's no telling what he can do
i leave that girl before she wants him
how many are coming 100
200 thousands
[Music]
you